what would you do if you were kidnapped
by a stranger and locked in a home with
other brainwashed victims
would you be able to escape in this
video
i will break down the mistakes made in
the movie do not reply
the movie starts off with chelsea laying
on her bed reading a book and getting
texts from her friend
her friend facetimes her and they talk
about dating
chelsea is running late for school so
she goes downstairs
and sees her mom is decorating the house
early for halloween
chelsea is driving with christina but
she doesn't want to because christina is
the typical high school mean girl
they arrive at school and chelsea talks
with her friend mia
mia says she will be going to someone's
house that night and chelsea is confused
because she thought it was their movie
night we see that chelsea tagged along
and went with mia to hang out with her
friends
seth and chelsea are watching a movie
when she gets uncomfortable and runs out
of the house
the next day she meets up with mia and
tells her what happened
a few seconds later dylan shows up and
teases chelsea about the night before
chelsea is on her phone when she keeps
getting texts from an unknown person
the campus security shows up and takes
her phone away
i don't know who this squiggly digly guy
is but why is he taking the students
phones away
chelsea's mom picks her up and is mad at
her because this is the second time she
has got her phone taken away
her friend then brings her another phone
and right away she starts to text the
stranger
off the internet she then proceeds to
tell this random person her name and age
which she will later regret
the random person on the internet asks
her for a picture in her outfit
she doesn't think twice about it so she
takes christina's cheerleading outfit
and sends the stranger the picture
three weeks later we see chelsea is
talking to the stranger on the phone
and they talk about going on a date on
the other side of the phone
the stranger looks to be a grown man and
in the background
we hear what sounds to be the man's
daughter the man says
they will meet at a halloween party
later that week
christina is helping chelsea with her
zombie makeup
so she can go to the halloween party and
meet this man
the man finds her and they sit on top of
some stairs and drink an
unknown liquid okay why would she drink
this if she still doesn't know what this
guy looks like
she can't see what he really looks like
because he has so much makeup on
a few seconds later she starts to trip
out so the man takes her to his car
and puts zip ties around her wrists she
wakes up
in a dingy basement and realizes she has
been chained
up brad here walks into the room and
slaps chelsea
and tells says her new name will be
sadie
she wakes up and sees another
cheerleader that says her name is sadie
the girl unlocks chelsea's restraints
and says she is free to go
chelsea runs out of the bunker and tries
to escape but everything is blocked off
or locked
clearly this is too good to be true so
the first thing i would do
is grab a weapon then try to find the
best place to escape or hide
sadie then shows up and tells chelsea to
clean the rug
and to keep everything neat sadie takes
chelsea to another room where we see a
third girl
at this point we can suspect that these
two girls were brainwashed by brad
and that he is planning to brainwash
chelsea as well
the girl in green then helps chelsea
clean herself
wash her clothes and bleach her hair
in the other room brad is seen knifing
the air while using his camera helmet
the girl in blue then helps chelsea with
her makeup
and says her favorite part of the day is
outside time
by that she means using a virtual
reality headset
we see the three girls are at dinner
with brad when he says that chelsea's
father was sent home from the army to
help look for her
after dinner chelsea takes some food to
the girl and covers her mouth
to keep her quiet the girl says her name
is tina and starts to break down crying
when chelsea tells her that her parents
are still looking for her
and that she has been all over the news
we then see brad start to have a
flashback
and the girl in blue just decides to sit
there and watch
if that was me i would have already
tried multiple times to kill this guy
and i know that the girls can overpower
him and kill him
which for some reason they haven't tried
yet brad's flashback shows him when he
was younger getting slapped by his mom
and almost getting put in the dungeon
brad is doing this
because he has basically followed his
mother's footsteps but in a more sick
way
he then tells the girl in blue that she
can go home
when she is done with one final video
which sounds way too good to be true
they go into the dungeon and brad puts
on his helmet
and holds a knife up to the girl in blue
she sees this and is scared because she
thought she was just doing a simple
dance
out of nowhere brad takes his knife and
stabs the girl repeatedly until she dies
he then enters chelsea's room and lays
his head on her stomach
she wakes up and tries to act asleep so
he won't notice her
she is able to act asleep and he leaves
the room
the next morning she talks with one of
the other girls through a hole in the
wall
this girl says that she likes brad and
we see now that she has definitely been
brainwashed
they are eating breakfast when brad
doesn't like their behavior and says
there is no outside time for either of
them
chelsea is talking to tina when she says
she was pregnant with brad's baby
and tried to escape she said brad
stopped her from escaping
beat her and killed her baby chelsea
tries to help the girl by putting a new
bandage on her leg wound but they both
know that won't help
much tina also tells her all she knows
about escaping that place
we see chelsea start to wipe down the
table for brad and the girl in green
steps in and takes over
as you saw brad doesn't want anyone
touching the picture of the girl that he
sabbed earlier in the movie
tina calls chelsea in her room and says
she wants pills
so she can kill herself so you're
telling me they have had pills this
whole time
and haven't tried to kill brad with them
yet it almost
seems like these girls want to stay with
brad
chelsea is able to unlock her door but
if she gets caught this could be the end
of her
she goes into another room and takes a
few of the pills so she can give them to
tina
before leaving she notices the necklace
of the girl that got stabbed earlier in
the movie
while out of her room she takes the
chance to try and get help from brad's
computer
she then hears brad's lawnmower shut off
so she quickly makes her way back to her
room
while cleaning her shoe prints she
spills the pills and brad is almost done
locking the door
she makes it back to tina's room but
brad hears clicking in her room
brad then tries to suffocate tina but
chelsea steps in
and gets him to stop to get out of the
choke
she says she wants to kill tina and brad
lets her
after this brad looks proud of her and
basically comforts her for killing tina
he takes chelsea to his room and then
makes her watch the video of him killing
the girl in blue
brad then try the virtual reality and
chelsea is about to try and kill him
when he turns around and she has to make
up a question about the helmet
brad takes her back to her room and she
realizes brad is really starting to like
her
she then decides to kill herself and
swallow lots of pills
but a few seconds later she pukes them
back up
the next morning we see brad is happily
looking at chelsea and the girl in green
is a little jealous
chelsea takes the other girl to their
rooms and she shows her what brad has
done to tina but the girl doesn't
believe her because she is brainwashed
i would not try to tell this girl the
truth because she may throw us
under the bus so she can be all alone
with brad because as i said earlier
she likes brad a few seconds later the
girl in green
tells brad what chelsea said he had done
brad then gets mad at both of them and
throws them in their rooms
chelsea wants to prove to the other girl
that brad is a killer so she sneaks into
the hallway so she can get the other
girl
they both go to brad's room so she can
show her the video of brad's murders
he shows up and zip ties chelsea and
takes her to the dungeon room
he then puts on his camera helmet and
prepares to kill chelsea
the girl in green shows up with a knife
but brad quickly knocks it away
chelsea picks it up and they get into a
fight with brad
they are able to get his keys and run to
the locked door
before they open it brad shows up and
they get into another fight
this time they are able to knock out
brad and make it outside where they ask
some lady for help
later we see chelsea talking to a
therapist after what she has been
through
we also see that brad is still alive but
he is in prison
two girls are seen talking to someone on
their phone who they know nothing about
the movie ends with a stranger on the
phone asking to pick them up
overall this movie was terrible do not
go out of your way to watch this fully
but i hope you all
enjoyed this video and if you want check
out my other videos